At least it has become a later restaurant,
But I came here intentionally,
It was intentional, you have been out for a day,
Is it okay to die without death?
You don’t need to worry about the company’s affairs. Today’s task is
I just want to accompany you.
It’s not like carrying it alone,
You are not used to following me like this.
Okay, that's up to you. You can go home early after eating.
Miss, long time no see,
Miss Ji, that's not right,
I should call you Miss Ming,
How about being too rich?
Marry a member of the self-defense clan who owns the theory and
I don't even think you need to worry about it
Fuyangchuan will be called immediately
you have to go away
Bye has returned to the company
Why do you think no one can save you now?
Only kill
Only a daughter like me can inherit it
All property you crazy
There's something like this, you kill me
Just do it as soon as possible
I take it as my destiny to inherit the theory
Is there anything money can't inherit?